Good morning, family.
How are you doing today?
Praise the Lord.
We are going to do some things in the spirit realm today.
We're going to take some territory.
We're not going to allow the devil to come in and rob us of the House of Representatives.
You can obviously see what they're trying to do.
I told you all to pray over Nevada and Arizona already and the metal buildings and all the things that I warned you about already by the Spirit of God and what the Lord showed me they were going to try to do.
Now they're trying to delay it all the time, trying to say, 'Oh, well, you know, we have to have more time.
' Folks, it's corruption.
You know it, and I know it.
So, we're going to take authority.
Thank you to all the people praying for me about the cough.
I got these Thieves cough drops, and I'm telling you they are really helping.
I give God glory for the things He put in this earth to help us.
Those Thieves are really helping me.
My wife got those for me, and I'm very thankful.
To all the people who have been praying and giving me remedies and everything, thank you for your compassion and your love for us.
It really blesses me.
My wife tells me every day, 'You've had a lot of people today.
' Yesterday, probably a hundred people or so reached out to give me something for the cough.
It's just a virus and it has no right to stay in my body.
I'm healed by His stripes and I come against it.
I just want you all to know we appreciate you.
There are a lot of loving people.
We're going to take communion and we're going to believe God together today for a supernatural turnaround in the House of Representatives that this stops now.
That the corruption stops.
We're going to believe God for our healings today.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ is the healer.
I have it upside down; I put a sweatshirt on here.
Jesus the Healer.
That's what we believe in this household.
I hope you believe it for your household because He is a healer.
He is the healer.
He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, ladies and gentlemen.
He is healing the sick today, just like He did 2,000 years ago.
We just have to believe.
I told you all the experience I had with the Lord at His crucifixion and Him talking to me about being healed.
I believe with all my heart.
I don't doubt in my heart about anything.
I believe by faith that I call those things that be not as though they were.
We call ourselves healed, whole, and well as we grow our faith and get in the Word more because we know the truth and the truth has set us free.
It will be in every area of your life.
If you have a foundation of the Word of God inside of you, no matter what your circumstance, it will change your circumstances.
I believe that Jesus Christ is the healer.
I believe it with all my heart in every area.
No matter what, I'm not moved by what I see.
As I'm overcoming this cough, I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel: congestion.
I'm not moved by what the devil tries to throw at me.
I'm moved by what the Word says.
It's foundation.
He said in His Word, regardless of the cough, regardless of congestion or whatever, 'By His stripes, I am healed.
' That is foundation, and that settles it.
I'm not moved by what the circumstances say.
If you're moved by what your flesh is telling you every single day, you're going to be moved by the circumstances.
But you have to have your foot and your foundation planted on the Word of God and say, 'This flesh is not moving me.
I see what the Bible says and I believe what the Bible says regardless of my circumstances.
' It's foundation.
That's why I tell you, you may be hurting financially.
I take a financial seed.
Every time we have a need, we sow a seed.
People don't understand that, but I believe in seed faith.
I believe if you have a need, just like a farmer, you go out and you plant the seed.
That's what we do.
We'll go out and say, 'Okay, well, we'll put a $100 here or whatever.
' We sow that $100 and believe by faith that God's going to provide through supernatural income, that He'll give us an idea or He'll anoint us to do something.
He'll give us favor.
The Lord gives you favor.
I believe a day of favor is worth more than a thousand days of working hard.
All you need is a day of favor and the hand of the Lord moving favor in your life in every area if you just believe Him for it.
But it takes you stepping out of the boat and walking on the water with Him for Him to come through.
A lot of times it takes sacrificial things.
He wants to see, 'How important am I to you?
Do you have a hunger for me?
Is it just lip service?
' A lot of times we say a lot, but do we do what He asks us to do in His Word?
Do we obey Him?
Do we witness to our brother?
Do we pray for him?
Do we show the love of God to people when they're mean to us?
Regardless of how they treat us, we're to operate in love.
A lot of times that's not easy because our flesh gets all upset because we want to just say something bad back to them or do something stupid.
You get off in the flesh and the devil gets a hold of you.
That's where you have to stay in the law of love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
That's right.
I have to practice it too.
Every day I have to practice in the comment section.
My son tells me somebody says something mean, and I say, 'Oh, we just love them.
' We're not going to be moved by that.
It's not them; they have a devil.
They've got some kind of demonic spirit bothering them and that's why they retaliate the way they do.
That's what you have to do.
If somebody talks to you bad at work, at the store, or cuts you off driving down the road and you want to give them the California wave, you cannot allow yourself to yield over into the darkness.
You have to say, 'Hey, I choose today to walk in love toward my wife, my children, and anybody who might try to tip my mood.
I'm going to walk in love.
I'm going to walk in love because faith works by love.
If you're not walking in love and you don't see your faith producing something, if you don't see results in your faith every single day, you have to say, 'Where's my love walk?
' because faith works by love because God is love.
If you're not having faith move your mountain in your area for healing or demonstrations and manifestations of the glory—if you're not experiencing the fresh presence of the Lord every day in your life—you've got to check your love walk.
How am I treating others around me?
Because God is love, ladies and gentlemen.
He dwells in us and we dwell in Him.
He is in us, and I am seated with Him in the heavenlies.
If you're in strife all the time, check your love walk.
Check your love walk concerning your finances.
Check your fear level.
Check your sowing level, how you're giving and believing every day for what you're wanting the Lord to be a part of your finances.
When you sow a seed, God will make you reap.
For every seed you sow, I believe some thirty, sixty, or a hundred-fold.
I believe that you can sow specifically for what you're believing for.
You say, 'Well, I'm believing for a new car.
' Well, where's your new car seed?
So I sow for a new car to be paid for, or whatever.
I take the seed of $100 and I say, 'I sow this seed, Father, in a direction toward what I'm believing for.
' I'm believing, Father, for a creative idea to pay off the car.
I'm believing for a creative idea, maybe I sow $10 for our electric bill.
Whatever.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm just trying to help y'all.
You take that seed and you believe for what you're sow towards, what you're believing for, and write the vision down.
Take what you're believing for.
I write down, 'Father, we're believing for a new house, a new car, for all these things, Father—new tires or whatever.
' You know, God knows what you need.
He said he shall supply all your needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
That's why I believe in the tithe.
That's why I believe we have tither's rights.
When you tithe, he said he rebukes the devourer for your sake.
That's what the Lord said.
And you say, 'Well, tithe is not for today.
' But giving is, because he said, 'If you give, I'll give back to you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over shall men give into your bosom.
' I believe that scripture is still in play.
You say, 'Well, I don't believe in tithing.
' I do.
I believe in honoring the Father with my first fruits.
You can't go wrong with trying to bless the Lord.
Ladies and gentlemen, people try to get off on, 'Well, this is old covenant, new covenant.
' I just say God knows my heart and he knows what I'm trying to do.
He said every seed produces after its own kind.
That's Bible.
You'll reap what you sow.
But it's not some thirty, some sixty.
A farmer doesn't plant one seed in the ground to get one fruit back, one little corn back.
He wants to get a bumper harvest.
So, you've got to stretch your faith out there that God's going to anoint your mind to give you the ability to get what you need, whatever it may be.
Because there are some of you really struggling.
And I believe with all my heart, he'll give you a creative idea to do something in your life—a business, something good to put your hand to—so that you're not working for nothing.
He doesn't want you working hard for nothing, being out there every single day struggling, working for minimum wage and going, 'Man, how are we going to make our bills today?
' He's out there saying, 'I have cattle on a thousand hills.
I have streets paved in gold.
I've got a mansion for you when you come home.
' You say, 'Well, I don't want any of that over here because it might ruin me.
' You better work on your character then, because I'm telling you, God wants you to have exceedingly, abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
That scripture—not barely getting by, living in Lo-debar, busted and disgusted.
'How am I going to make it every single day?
' We have to buy the off-brand of everything because we can't even afford the good brand.
And a lot of that is just like a couple of dollars more.
And you think, 'Well, we can't do it.
We've got to buy the off-brand.
' Thank God we have the off-brand.
But I'm saying God wants you to have exceedingly, abundantly above all that you dare ask or think, ladies and gentlemen.
And I believe with all my heart, we're the King's kids, seated with him in the heavenlies.
He doesn't want us living on food stamps.
Thank God for food stamps.
For some governments that have it, some people don't.
Thank God.
I lived on them for a long time, and I'm thankful for the government help they had because we needed it bad.
But the Lord doesn't want you to live there is what I'm trying to say.
And how do you get out of that?
A dollar seed.
If you have to just start with a dollar, a quarter, whatever.
The Lord meets you where you're at and you sow to a ministry that's feeding you and you give to people that are feeding you spiritually.
That's what I believe.
And I'm telling you, if they're good ground—now, make sure they're good ground.
If they're not good ground, do not give there.
I'm just being real with y'all.
I sowed to a lot of bad ground.
And you go, 'Man, what is the deal?
' And you keep sow there.
What does it say?
To keep doing the same thing expecting a different result is insanity.
That's exactly what Christians do a lot of times.
It sounds really harsh, but there's some ground—these people, they could be really corrupt in their ministry and you don't even know it.
They're out doing bad things with the money and you're like, 'Man, I'm never getting anything back.
' You've got to believe God for good ground and ask him, 'Lord, show me where to plant my seed that I reap back some thirty, some sixty, 100-fold.
' I don't want to sow in bad ground.
And I've told you all, I know there's ministries out there where the husbands will be cheating on their wives and everything.
You don't know it for years and then all of a sudden you'll go, 'Well, that makes a lot of sense,' because the Lord will expose it finally.
Follow your peace in your giving.
Follow the peace that passes all understanding in your giving every day.
Whenever you do something, no matter if it's just a quarter, follow your peace.
And if you feel a check about something and you feel bothered about something, run!
Because the Holy Spirit's trying to guide you into truth and to show you about them.
If they teach you the word of God—if the pastor teaches you and your faith is getting fed and you're getting blessed spiritually—they're covering you spiritually—sow and help them.
Your pastor that's taking care of you, they clean your nose, they pray for you when you're sick, they watch out for you.
Seriously, they take care of your kids in the nursery and the nursery workers are back there feeding them goldfish.
It takes money to do all that, ladies and gentlemen.
You've got to bless the people that are helping you in your church, in your God, in your family.
And if you don't like your church, find another one.
Find a church that will teach you the word of God.
You say, 'Well, I don't have one in my area.
' Well, find something online on the weekdays to listen to.
You've got to be feeding your spirit every day.
You cannot go a day without feeding your spirit.
If your flesh eats three times a day, you've got to find something to pour into your spirit throughout the day because we get weary in well-doing.
You get tired.
Your flesh gets in control and your spirit's over there going, 'Man, I'm starving and you haven't fed me in a week.
You fed me last Sunday, but you haven't fed me since.
' Your spirit man should be like Arnold Schwarzenegger, with big muscles, ready to kick the devil's butt.
Because the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy, ladies and gentlemen.
And he's only able to kill, steal, and destroy the ones that are weak spiritually, lukewarm, weak spiritual babies.
You've got to have that backbone like a crowbar that's able to say, 'No!
When you come against me, sucker, you're going to get a fistful of knuckles!
' I believe with all my heart that Jesus gave us the power and authority to tread on him, but you're not going to tread on him if you don't have a spiritual backbone.
So, I don't know who that was for, but I'm supposed to pray.
It just comes out.
When you're full and you squeeze a sponge, it flows out regardless of what's in that sponge.
It comes out.
Bad stuff comes out of people when you touch them because out of the abundant overflow of the heart, the man speaks.
And that's what happens when I get on these videos.
I just start flowing.
I say, "Okay, Lord, back to communion.
" Father, I thank You for the body that was broken for us.
I thank You, Father, that You died for us.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, for my—that cough is gone.
It's gone.
And I thank You for Thieves.
I thank You, Father, for all the things that You provide for us in this earth with oregano, garlic, and all the things that You provide for us, Father.
Cayenne peppers and everything, Lord.
You took it all and You made it for us.
You are so good to us.
Lord, You could have just brought us down in the earth and gave us one bland thing to eat, manna, and said, "This is what you're going to eat every day.
" But You didn't.
You gave us apples and oranges and all kinds of things, Father; things and Vitamin C.
You knew everything that we would need before we knew we would even need it, and You provided it in the earth.
You gave it to us, Father, and You are such a good God.
And we want to tell You thank you today for all that You've done for us.
Thank You, Lord, today for Your provision for our households, that we don't have to struggle.
You tell me all the time, "Brandon, I don't want you struggling.
I want you to believe Me for big.
" And so, Father, we believe for big today.
We believe for the impossible in finances and everything, and for our bodies that seem impossible.
I believe, Father, that there are people out there being healed of diabetes today.
There are people out there being healed as they take this communion.
We have a covenant with You that You said in Your word, Lord, that by Your stripes, we're healed.
Thank You, Father, for all that You've done for us.
And we take this body.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, we thank You for the blood.
When we apply the blood over our sins—and You said if we make much of the blood...
I've heard Him say, "If you make much of the blood, the blood will make much of you"—and we take this blood right now and we thank You, Father, that we are washed in the blood.
We thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well.
We thank You, Lord, that we're delivered.
Thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, Lord, we condemn it.
We will not have those words bear fruit in our life.
Every word curse, every witchcraft spell, voodoo, incantations, chants, whatever they try to throw at us, Father, we plead the blood of Jesus against it and it will not bear fruit on us.
Thank You, Father, that it goes back on them double and they will repent and change what they're doing.
Father, I thank You, Lord, in the name of Jesus that we are too blessed to be cursed.
We're too blessed to be cursed, Lord, because You said, "I've blessed you.
" And I thank You that no man will curse us.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us, Father—over my children, over my wife, over my finances, over my dogs, over all that You've given us.
Father, You've been such a good God over our car.
When we travel down the road, Father, our homes.
No calamity, no robbery, no nothing comes.
We cover our home in the blood.
And we thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over our flesh.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over our minds and over our mental and our emotions.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us today, Father.
And we thank You, Lord, for the blood.
And I apply the blood over me in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Father.
You have been so good to us.
So that's what we're going to do.
We are going now to worship Him because He is good and His mercy endures forever.
Thank You, Father, for communion.
Thank You, Father, for what You did on the cross for us.
Thank You, Lord, that You provide for all our needs.
Thank You, Lord, that You take care of us.
Thank You, Lord, that everything that You've told us to do in the ministry, everything that You've told us to do in this YouTube channel and everything we do, Father, that it's being a blessing to the people.
Thank You, Father, that they will get something and their lives will change from glory to glory.
Father, I thank You that their lives will change and they'll never be the same, for the word of God is a pillar in their life and it will never return to us void.
We will be able to stand on the word because the word works if you work it.
I believe it, Lord.
Now, Lord, we pray over the Senate and the House.
We thank You, Lord, that we have the Senate.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You that we have the presidency.
Those two things right there, Lord, are huge from where we were.
But, Father, I thank You that the corruption from the House and what they're trying to do right now...
You said that if the enemy be found, he has to pay you back sevenfold.
What the devil stole?
Double.
We're calling forth our seats to grow in the House of Representatives.
And Father, I thank You, Lord.
I thank You, Father, that You're rebuking the devourer for our state concerning America.
We're givers, Lord.
We're givers in America.
They give our money—and we don't even want them to give it, a lot of it.
We're in debt because they're giving our money all away throughout the world, Lord.
So, we have seed in the ground.
I have seed in the ground concerning the government.
They take my taxes.
So, we give our taxes over there.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we have authority in our government because we sowed in it.
And I thank You, Father, that You said that we could ask anything and You'd do it according to Your will, according to Your word.
And I thank You, Father, that You said to pray for our leaders, to pray for our people that are over us.
And Father, we want people that are godly over us.
So, I thank You, Lord, that You're moving the mountain in the Senate right now that they're trying to do corruption.
And I thank You, Lord, that all hidden things be revealed and that this vote is done now, that we do not have any more delay concerning the House of Representatives.
We bind you, Satan, in the name of Jesus.
We command you to release this vote in Jesus' name.
Let it go.
And we thank You, Father, that the angels of the Lord are manifesting and making war against the demonic spirits that are causing this.
We thank You, Lord, that we have results today, that this would be called today.
I saw a 4-day window clear up until Saturday, even praying for Kari Lake.
Remember I told you all I saw—he said pray for the election and three or four days afterwards you cannot let up off the gas.
This is exactly what he was saying.
So today is Thursday.
So we've got Friday that we pray for and we've got Saturday concerning this because the Lord warned me the days after, going clear up into the weekend.
We're not letting up off this.
So we are expecting results today, folks.
Well, we've got to believe, for faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
And we call it now.
Now, faith is.
So, we're believing now for a turnaround concerning the House.
We're calling a turnaround right now that all hidden ballots, the things that they're trying to destroy, burning ballots, whatever it may be—Father, we thank You, Lord, that the enemy be found.
And we call this done now in Jesus' name.
You will not hold this back anymore in Jesus' name.
And we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over this circumstance.
Now, Father, we thank You, Lord, that You're moving in our behalf today.
We thank You, Father, that there are hearts that are being fixed.
Well, whoever it is, Father, that's holding back this and hindering the blessing of the House of Representatives, I thank You, Lord, that the thief has been found.
And I command you in the name of Jesus to let it go.
Lord, we give You praise, glory, and honor, Father, that we consider it done.
We're not worried, but we will not allow it to be stolen.
You will not steal the election from us.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your hand on this house—for our House of Representatives.
We thank You, Lord, for the Senate, and we thank You, Lord, that it grows even more.
Now, Lord, we thank You for President Trump, and we thank You, Lord, that he's putting godly people in place.
We continue to lift him up for supernatural wisdom concerning his cabinet.
And Lord, we thank You that he will put the right people around him, Father, who are godly and do not think reprobate.
They want to steer the country in a godly manner.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that he will find the right people by the Spirit of the Lord, putting people of character around him—not people who are backbiting, have a bad agenda, or are backstabbing him.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that he would put people who are solid and love this nation all around him in Jesus' name.
I pray that he would have amazing people; this would be the best cabinet and the best staff, with no fighting or bickering among them.
Father, they would have the peace to get the job done that needs to be done.
And we will see a quick work and a quick turnaround from what the devil tried to do for the last four years plus.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we will have a turnaround.
And Father, I'm believing even for the finances that we will never see a major crash like the 1930s, Lord.
Lord, we don't want it.
I thank You, Lord, that You shake the American people somehow.
Regarding the finances, Lord, I understand what I've seen and I know what You've told me was coming.
But Lord, if there just be fifty righteous, would You spare that?
Lord, I don't want to see people standing in food lines for miles long, unable to get food for their kids because of what's going on in our government.
Lord, we have a lot of seed out there.
We've sowed to a lot of people that didn't have it, and even corrupt seed.
Father, there's a lot of seed—billions and billions of dollars helping Israel, Your people.
We've helped Ukraine.
We've done a lot, Lord; we've given a lot of money out of our country.
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, that President Trump can turn it on a dime.
Father, the seeds we sow will reap back 30, 60, and 100-fold.
Even as a nation, You said that as long as the earth remains, seedtime and harvest will always exist.
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, that we bless Your people, Israel, whom President Trump loves.
He loves the Israelis; he loves the Jews.
And I thank You, Lord, that he's a man who stands with Israel, a man who stands out for protecting and helping Israel.
And I thank You, Lord, that You said, 'Those that bless you, I will bless, and those that curse you, I will curse.
' So we pray for the peace of Jerusalem today.
We pray, Father, for Benjamin Netanyahu and over his cabinet; that they would not hurt innocent lives but they would keep getting the bad guys.
I thank You, Father, that they would get the terrorists out of the way and they would get rid of the Ayatollah and Khamenei, the people in Iran.
We thank You, Lord, that they would expose the darkness from the people who are trying to murder and hurt people.
Father, they call us 'the Great Satan,' and Lord, they're deceived because they worship a false god.
I thank You, Father, that You're turning this around in the name of Jesus concerning America.
Father, we have one last push, one last call.
I thank You, Lord, that this plague that I've seen coming will not affect us.
Lord, I know You said in Your word that there will be plagues and pestilences and things that have to happen before You return.
But Lord, it doesn't have to affect the body of Christ.
I believe with all my heart we have a covenant and that You said we are seated with You.
So, Father, there's no sickness in heaven, so we don't have it on us here on this earth.
We believe, Father, that we get the foundation of the word of God inside of us so strong that when all there is to do, we stand.
Therefore, we are not moved by what we see, even when they try to do what they did with COVID.
We believe, Father, that we rise up in the name of Jesus, and great and mighty works will we do in these last days.
Father, I plead the blood over us that there will be no attack on us with anything biological.
We will rise up and take our authority, and the body of Christ will come out smelling like flowers because You're a part of us, Father.
We thank You, Lord, for a supernatural covering concerning America.
Father, I thank You that we have a chance to turn this boat around—that Trump is able to do it.
We know he's not the savior of the world; he's just a man who's been appointed by You.
I thank You, Father, that You anoint him and You keep him, that Your face smiles upon him and gives him peace today.
I pray over his marriage and over his children, that they're all protected and that no assassination attempts will come nigh him.
Father, I put angels around him from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
He has the best Secret Service that ever could be because he has the great Lord Jesus watching over him.
I thank You, Father, according to Psalm 91, that a thousand shall fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him.
I thank You, Father, that it's the same for us—that my wife and my children, all of us, Father—that a thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us or anybody represented here.
And so, Father, we give You glory, honor, and praise for the protection over our lands.
Father, we pray over Asia and we believe for a turnaround in their governments.
They have a lot of corrupt people; they're communists.
I thank You, Father, that they will have more freedom and a move of the Spirit of the Lord over their nations.
Whether it be in China, Japan, or South Korea, Father, I thank You for all of it.
For Vietnam, there is a supernatural move of the presence of the Lord on these nations over the whole continent of Asia.
I believe, Father, for a supernatural turnaround in the spirit realm, that they will have a major move of God and that the Buddhists will turn to Jesus.
Father, I thank You.
I thank You, Lord, that the Muslims will turn to Jesus.
All false religions will turn to Jesus.
We believe, Father, that this is the greatest hour, the greatest move that You're ever going to do on this earth, and we're in it right now.
We believe, Father, for a supernatural turn of events in Africa for the power grid.
People are asking to pray over their power grid and for more water.
There's drought in areas.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
As the believers rise up, we call forth rain over our areas.
We speak to drought and we say, 'Drought, go now in Jesus' name.
' And we call in rain from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
Rain, come forth.
We have authority over the earth, and we say, "Drought, go.
" And we thank you, Lord, for rain—for supernatural rain, Father.
Rain in the natural and rain in the spiritual.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for it.
We give you praise and glory and honor for all that you've done and all that you're going to do for a major revival in the Latino community.
There are a lot of them that came out and voted right in counties that never have been voting the way they did.
Father, we bless our brothers and sisters, the Latinos and the Hispanic community.
We thank you, Lord, they rose up and they voted right.
Thank you, Lord, for a blessing on their families, a blessing on their households, Father, that they don't struggle financially.
And throughout Mexico, Father, their government is not corrupt.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for raising up men and women of God in their government to turn around governments even in Mexico and all throughout South America, Father, for supernatural revival in Venezuela and all the corrupt places that need revival: Guatemala and all going through the Panama Canal.
Father, we call revival for them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for a supernatural revival.
It will take place, and a harvest of souls we will see in the name of Jesus.
Father, all through Brazil, we believe for a supernatural turnaround in their government and for their people.
Lord, there's so much corruption.
There are so many people that need help.
But, Father, the only thing that I know that helps anybody is you.
You, Father, you are the only one that comes through for me every day.
So Father, I thank you that you become real to these people today all throughout Africa, all throughout Europe, over Russia.
We call peace, even in Ukraine, Father, that they will not have this war anymore, that they will put a stop to this.
I know what I've seen in the spirit, but Father, I believe we can turn it.
You showed me a great escalation of war, and it's trying to manifest, but Lord, I thank you that the people have peace.
We call peace regardless of what we see in the spirit.
We're going to use the word, and I believe for peace, Father, that we can turn it.
You show us these things so we can turn it.
Some we can, I know, but I believe that there is a lot of it we can because you're a God of love, you're a God of peace, and you want us to have good things on this earth.
Father, over our leaders and over the people, Father, we thank you.
We thank you, Father, and we consider it done in Jesus' name concerning that.
Now, we're going to believe, Father, for your health.
There's a lot of you that need healing in your body, and we just prayed and took communion.
So, I agree with you by faith that every single one of you that has something you're overcoming—whether it be a cold or a cough or a hangnail, it doesn't matter.
All things are possible to him who believes: over Down syndrome, over autism, over your minds.
Father, we pray over them in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the angels that are going and bringing the body parts, that are going and bringing forth the new lungs.
I pray over their lungs, over their bodies, over their minds, over the little five-year-old child that has the virus that the mom's asking for prayer—the five-year-old child that's having issues.
I pray over that child right now, and I say a turnaround is happening as of today in the name of Jesus.
You are healed and whole and well, and this RSV virus—this with the lungs and all that's going on with this virus—I speak healing over this child right now in the name of Jesus.
And I call the child well from the top of the head to the soles of their feet.
And we say, "Satan, get your hands off of these children.
" And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the people who need lungs, the people who need body parts, whatever they need, Father, you have it.
And I believe that they're healed and whole and well, and this will be a time of turnaround in their lives in the name of Jesus.
For you said in your word, Lord, that by your stripes they are healed.
And we call deliverance over them right now in the name of Jesus.
We speak life over their bodies.
We speak life over their minds.
We speak life over them in the name of Jesus.
When we say you are healed and whole and well—say it!
You've got to say it out of your mouth.
I hear you keep saying, "Will you pray for me?
I have this.
I'm dying of this.
" Your mountain needs to hear your voice; it cannot hear mine.
It has to hear yours.
I say out of my mouth, "I am healed.
" I say out of my mouth, "I am delivered.
" You've got to speak it and say it and believe it in your heart just like you did your salvation.
You've got to believe it with all your heart: "I am healed.
I am saved.
I am delivered.
" I will not walk by sight; I'm moved by what the word says.
I'm not moving by what my flesh says.
It tries to yell really loud, ladies and gentlemen, and fear tries to creep in, but you've got to keep standing on the word.
And I know it's not always easy because your flesh tries to get weary in well-doing.
But Father, we turn it on.
We turn on our spiritual eyes to see what you see about us—that we are healed—and we receive it by faith.
The miracle is not going from preacher to preacher asking for prayer, but we believe what you said about us, Lord: that you have mercy on us.
Just like Bartimaeus: "Jesus, Son of David, have mercy on me.
" I receive what you have for me.
Grab a hold of it.
He's already paid the price for you to walk in victory.
It's already been done.
So, we receive the healing that we believe for.
Jesus paid the price for us, so we believe and receive what you've already done, Father.
So thank you, Lord.
And thank you, Lord, that our marriages are good.
People want your home to be peaceful and happy.
So Father, we thank you, Lord, that our marriages are strong, and we pray over our children and there's no strife in our homes.
We thank you, Lord, that the husband and wife have harmony and peace, that they love each other and they get along, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that they're raising their children up in a godly home that's not full of strife.
That there's peace that passes all understanding as they lay their head on their pillow and go to sleep at night.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's peace over their dreams and they don't have night terrors.
They're not having bad dreams.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over their sleep, Father.
And we pray over their sleep, Father, that when they lay their head on the pillow, they sleep and sleep soundly.
I thank you, Lord, for it.
I thank you.
You said you give your beloved restful sleep.
We continue to say that.
Find scriptures that talk about having restful sleep and meditate on those scriptures every day.
Read those scriptures every day and meditate on that word every day because that's what's going to do it.
You've got to get that inside of your eyes all the time—that you are meditating on the word concerning sleep and healing and whatever you need.
He said he sent his word and healed them; his words are life to those that find them and health to all their flesh.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for it's done.
We thank you, Lord, that all things are possible in him who believes.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we thank you.
We give you praise and glory for it now in Jesus' name.
Glory to God.
Let the healing of the Holy Spirit flow over you from emotional trauma.
I see somebody is being healed of emotional trauma; you've gone through some really hard times.
The Lord is bringing peace to you right now because He said in His word, "Peace I leave with you.
My peace I give to you.
" Receive that peace today in Jesus' name.
It's okay to cry.
Just walk in peace.
There's peace.
I call Shalom in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Well, if this video blessed you today, I really appreciate you praying with me, y'all.
I appreciate you subscribing.
It means a lot to us.
I'm telling you, you're getting the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
You wouldn't believe the emails we get on a day-to-day basis now of somebody saying the videos are helping them.
It is literally hundreds.
And I just want to say all glory to God, ladies and gentlemen, because it's Him.
It's all Jesus.
You are getting touched by Jesus.
And I'm excited that you're here today.
I'm excited that Jesus did something for you today.
If you got healed of something, if you got saved, something happened in you and you have something going on in your life and you saw turnaround in your events today, let us know.
We're excited to hear about your testimony and what Jesus is doing.
Please subscribe.
We just appreciate it.
Like the video.
Glory to God for His presence.
Glory to God, for all things are possible to him that believes.
Glory to God, for we have authority over the devil and over all the things that try to hurt us.
Thank you, Father.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you, and we pray for every one of you every day.
God bless you all and have a wonderful day and we'll see you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.